In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
