In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
