In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Columbus, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Raleigh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
