In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
