In New York, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Indianapolis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
