In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
