In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
