In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Raleigh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
