In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
