In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
