In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
