In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Nashville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
