In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
