In New York, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
