In New York, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Albuquerque, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
