In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Raleigh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Rochester, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
