In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
