In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
