In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Phoenix, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
