In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Memphis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
