In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
