In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Wichita, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
