In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
