In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Indianapolis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Memphis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Louisville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
