In New York, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Detroit, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Denver, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Nashville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
