In New York, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Jacksonville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Boston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Salt Lake City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Aurora, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
