In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Denver, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Fresno, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Wichita, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Toledo, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
