In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Antonio, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Dallas, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Detroit, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Austin, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Portland, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Raleigh, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In New Orleans, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Fresno, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Omaha, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Santa Ana, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
