In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Chicago, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Phoenix, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Diego, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Dallas, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Charlotte, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Seattle, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Nashville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Milwaukee, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Las Vegas, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Louisville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Hartford, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In New Orleans, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Buffalo, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Salt Lake City, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tucson, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tulsa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Albuquerque, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Knoxville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Pittsburgh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Cincinnati, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Toledo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
