In New York, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Los Angeles, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Chicago, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Houston, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Phoenix, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Antonio, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Dallas, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Jacksonville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Indianapolis, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Memphis, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Baltimore, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Denver, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Nashville, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Portland, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Oklahoma City, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Louisville, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Richmond, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Hartford, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In New Orleans, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Buffalo, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Salt Lake City, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Tulsa, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Fresno, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Wichita, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Bakersfield, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Knoxville, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Tampa, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Pittsburgh, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Cincinnati, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Anchorage, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
