In New York, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Los Angeles, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Chicago, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Houston, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Phoenix, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Philadelphia, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In San Antonio, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In San Diego, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Dallas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Detroit, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Jacksonville, the White is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Indianapolis, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Columbus, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Austin, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Charlotte, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Memphis, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Baltimore, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Boston, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Seattle, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Denver, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Nashville, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Milwaukee, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Portland, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Oklahoma City, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Las Vegas, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Louisville, the Black is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Birmingham, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Raleigh, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Richmond, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Hartford, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In New Orleans, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Buffalo, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Rochester, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Salt Lake City, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Grand Rapids, the White is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tucson, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Tulsa, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Fresno, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Wichita, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Albuquerque, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Omaha, the Black is thriving, while there are few Asian.
In Bakersfield, the White is thriving, while there are few Black.
In Knoxville, the Black is thriving, while there are few White.
In Tampa, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few White.
In Aurora, the Hispanic is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Santa Ana, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Pittsburgh, the Black is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Cincinnati, the Asian is thriving, while there are few White.
In Anchorage, the Asian is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
In Toledo, the White is thriving, while there are few Hispanic.
